The dust on the "Main Street Oval"—which was actually just a patch of scorched earth between two grain silos—was so thick it felt like playing on the moon.

Ten-year-old Arjun didn’t mind. In his mind, the silos were the towering stands of Lord’s, and the rusty bicycle frame serving as stumps was a set of pristine white wickets.

He was the last man standing. His team, a ragtag group of kids in mismatched sandals, needed six runs off the final ball. The bowler was "Big" Vikram, a fifteen-year-old whose fastballs were whispered to break skin. Vikram stood at the end of his long run-up, polishing the ball—a tennis ball wrapped tightly in electrical tape—against his thigh.

"Last ball, Arjun," Vikram shouted, a cocky grin splitting his face. "Go home and have your milk."

Arjun gripped his bat. It wasn't willow; it was a sturdy plank of scrap wood his father had sanded down. He felt the sweat prickling his neck. He looked at the fielders—kids crouched in the dirt, ready to pounce.

Vikram charged. He was a blur of limbs and momentum. The ball left his hand like a bullet, pitching short and whistling upward toward Arjun’s ribs—a classic "chin-music" bouncer.

Time slowed. Arjun didn’t flinch. He remembered his grandfather’s voice: “Don’t fear the ball, son. Use its own anger against it.”

He shifted his weight to his back foot, pivoted like a dancer, and swung. The plank met the tape-covered ball with a satisfying thwack. He didn't just hit it; he channeled every ounce of frustration from the long, hot afternoon into the stroke.

The ball soared. It cleared the silos, disappeared into the golden haze of the setting sun, and landed somewhere in the neighbor's overgrown mango grove.

The silence lasted for exactly three seconds. Then, the "Main Street Oval" erupted. His teammates swarmed him, hoisting him onto their shoulders. Even Vikram walked over, wiping dust from his forehead, and offered a nod of begrudging respect.

"Good knock," Vikram muttered.

Arjun looked at his wooden plank. It wasn't just a piece of scrap anymore. In that moment, under the purple sky of a small town, he wasn't just a kid in the dirt. He was a hero.



git init
git add .
git commit -m "Initial commit"
git branch -M main
git remote add origin https://github.com/ram-7162/LANGCHAIN.git
git push -u origin main